---
layout: infochimps
title: IP Census
---

h1. Digital Element IP Intelligence

h2. Geographical Locations

This data originally comes from "Digital Element":http://www.digital-element.com

h2. API Call

h3. Parameters

%(method)GET% %(endpoint)http://api.infochimps.com/web/an/digital_element/geo.json?ip=[ipaddress]%

* @ip@ - an IP address (just like you think: 192.168.0.1)

h3. Returns

* @country@ - 3-letter country name
* @region@ - Region name ("@no region@" when country lacks regions)
* @city@ - City name
* @conn_speed@ - The connection speed of the IP.  Possible values include
** @?@
** @dialup@
** @broadband@
** @cable@
** @xdsl@
** @mobile@
** @t1@
** @t3@
** @oc3@
** @oc12@
** @satellite@
** @wireless@
* @country_conf@ - Confidence in assignment of country
* @region_conf@ - Confidence in assignment of region
* @city_conf@ - Confidence in assignment of city
* @metro_code@ - Digital Envoy metro code.   Metros are regions larger than cities that may cross state lines.  In the US, metro codes are based on "Designated Market Areas":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_market (DMAs).  In the UK, metro codes are based on "ITV regions":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITV. Cities not in any particular metro are a "@0@".  Cities that have not yet had an appropriate metroization standard applied are a "@-1@".
* @lat@ - Latitude
* @longitude@ - Longitude
* @country_code@ - Digital Envoy country code
* @region_code@ - Digital Envoy region code
* @city_code@ - Digital Envoy city code
* @continent_code@ - Digital Envoy continent code.  Possible values are
** 0 - No continent
** 1 - Africa
** 2 - Antarctica
** 3 - Australia
** 4 - Asia
** 5 - Europe
** 6 - North America
** 7 - South America
* @two_letter_country@ - 2-letter country name

h3. Example

bc.. GET http://api.infochimps.com/web/an/ip_census/combined.json?ip=2.104.160.0&apikey=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

  {
  "region": "070",
  "city": "tranebjerg",
  "country": "dnk",
  "country_code": 208,
  "city_code": 12771,
  "country_conf": 5,
  "city_conf": 3,
  "region_code": 11705,
  "continent_code": 5,
  "region_conf": 4,
  "conn_speed": "xdsl",
  "two_letter_country": "dk",
  "metro_code": -1,
  "longitude": 10.589,
  "lat": 55.832
}
