
Feedness                url_o   / tw_o

Interesting             sample_corr * obs_at_i / tw_o           When this user tweets, how often others reply?
Sway                    sample_corr * obs_rt_i / tw_o           When this user tweets, how often is is retweeted?
Chattiness              obs_at_o / obs_tw_o                     What fraction of tweets mention others?
Enthusiasm              obs_rt_o / obs_tw_o                     What fraction of tweets rebroadcast anothers'?

Mention TR              tr_at                                   
Follower TR             tr_fo                                   

Outflux est             tw_o / day
Influx est              tw_i / day

Follow churn            obs_fo_o / followers_count              Shows them following/unfollowing people (douchiness)
Follow rate             fo_o / day

Reach                   (constant) * [ (tw_o/day)*fo_i + (avg_dir_reach)*(sample_corr_factor * rt_i / tw_o) ]

Rel Reciprocity         st_i / fo_o                             How many of the people I follow have *strong* links back? (Note: strength of link should prob. be slightly diff for now than for actual strong link call)

-------------------     ----------------------------            -------------------------

Celebrity(?)            n_at_i / n_at_o                         (bieber quotient)
Cohesiveness

n_at_o
at_o
n_at_i
at_i

"Likelihood that it will be amplified"

@zappos @'s a lot of people, a very few times
@zappos is @ by a lot of people, each a very few times

@mrflip @'s a lot of people, each several times

                n_at_o  at_o/n_at_o     n_at_i  at_i/n_at_i
@zappos         lots    ~1              lots    ~1
@spamkid63425   lots    ~1              ~0      --
@mrflip         few     many            few     many
@justinbieber   few     many            lots    many
@THE_REAL_SHAQ  medium  lots to some    lots    medium    


?? should at_o/n_at_o, or "number replied to more than once"/n_at_o?
?? how shoud n_at_o be adjusted


   n_at_o_more_than_once  / n_at_o
   at_o / n_at_o
   n_at_i  <<- nbhd adj?
   n_at_i / n_at_o      
   
   
   

===========================================================================

h3. Influence Heuristics

* How many people see what you say?
  - lots of followers
  - reach

* How many people care / react to what you say?
  - 

* Are you organic?
  - healthy neighborhood




h3. Spam Heuristics




===========================================================================


h3. More about Reach


say avg_tw_i            500/day

If A has                100 fo_i
and A tweets            5/day
then each follower has  1% chance of seeing it
Thus direct reach is    1.0

If B has                10_000 fo_i
and B tweets            1/day
then each has           0.2% chance of seeing it
Thus direct reach is    20.0

If A is RT'ed           10_000 ppm  rt_i / tw_o
And avg dir. reach is   2.0
Then RT reach is        0.01

If B is RT'ed           100 ppm  rt_i / tw_o
And avg dir. reach is   2.0
Then RT reach is        0.0001
