API Calls

* trstrank              Actionable measure of this person's reputation
* influence             Detailed information on this person's engagement with the rest of the twitter community
* conversation          What are the relationship and interactions between these two users?
* strong links          Who are the people closest to this user?
* word_users            Who are the people with the strongest ties to this term?
* user_wordbag          What are this user's interests?
* comm_wordbag          What are this user's interests, as revealed by what their community talks about?

* utility calls:
** user_metrics         Given user id, get immutable or advanced info
** delete events:       :hour => [deletes from that hour]

===========================================================================

Basic dimensions:

Follow graph
Mention graph
Retweet graph
Topic graph

Overt humanity          bio features
Content

o F = Frequency of Contact 
o E = Emotional intensity 
o I = Intimacy (mutual confiding) 
o R = Reciprocal services 

Influence               [synthesized]
Organicness

===========================================================================

Outflux                 tw_o/day
Account age             cr_age in days since Mar 1 2007
Digits at end of sn     sn_spamminess
Acct Created time       cr_tod                                  "spamming activity is at its peak around 2pm and from 10pm to 1am, and it is at its 10 lowest levels between 4am and 9am."
Acct cr_tod vs tz       cr_tod vs tz                            
Gender                  gender                                  See http://www.census.gov/genealogy/names/

Has picture             has_avatar
Has bio                 has_bio
Has url                 has_url
Has location            has_location
About URL score         facebook|linkedin|...
Bio Douchiness          bio_douche
Bio Spamminess          bio_spam
Time Zone               tz

Follower ratio          fo / fr
Follower Quotient       (fo>fr)?((fo-fr)/fo):((fo-fr)/fr)       How balanced is the user's neighborhood?
discounted_ff_ratio 	[(fo/fr),(fo_i-fo_sy)/(fo_o-fo_sy)].min	

Followers count         fo_i
Following count         fo_o
Symmetric Follows       fo_sy
Mentions in count       at_i
Mentions out count      at_o
Symmetric Mentions      at_sy
Replies in count        re_i
Replies out count       re_o
Symmetric Replies       re_sy
Retweets in count       rt_i
Retweets out count      rt_o
Symmetric Retweets      rt_sy

Unique Mentions of	n_at_i		
Unique Mentioners	n_at_o
Unique Symm. Mentioners	n_at_s
Unique Retweeters	n_rt_i		                        If I RT you repeatedly, that's not very interesting.
Unique Retweeted	n_rt_o
Unique Symm. RTers      n_rt_s
Follow & Reply Symm     n_af_s                          	How many users are symmetric followers and symmetric repliers?
Follower & Mentioner    n_af_i
Follows & Mentions      n_af_o

Tweets w/ URLs          url_o
Tweets w/ Hashtags      h_o
Tweets w/ Smilies       smi_o
Tweets w/ ex. 140 chars tw140_o
Unique Hashtags         n_hash  
Unique Domains Tweeted  n_tw_domain
Unique Sources          n_src
Src is 'web'            n_src_is_web
Src is normal           n_src_is_normal
URL to non-shortener    tinyurl_o / tw_o                        Some urls should be non-shortened; some should be shortened
Used /cc or .@          conv_o / tw_o                           The /cc and .@public_reply such are expert conventions
Geo                     geo
Tweet Douchiness        tw_douche                               MARKETER_RE = %r{\b((?:affiliate|network|online|internet)\s*(?:marketer|marketing)?|agent|blog(?:ger)?|broker|business\s*(?:owner)?|coach|consultant|entrepren[eu]+r|estate\s*(?:agent|broker)?|expert|follow|free|guru|help(?:ing)?\s*(?:others|people)?|home|investor|make money|market(?:er|ing)\s*(?:consultant)?|media|money|network|others|owner|people|ppc|real(?:tor)?|search|sem|seo|small|social|speaker|success(?:ful)?|web)\b}
Tweet Spamminess        tw_spam                                 SPAMMER_RE  = %r{\b((?:affiliate|network|online|internet|media)\s*(?:marketer|marketing|business)?|blog|broker|business\s*(?:owner|coach)?|coach|deals|entrepren[eu]+r|estate\s*(?:agent|broker|investor)?|expert|forex\s*(?:trader|trading)?|free|guru|help(?:ing)?\s*(?:others|people)?|home\s*(?:based|business)?|internet\s*entrepreneur|investor|mak(?:e|ing)\s+money|market(?:er|ing)\s*(?:consultant|coach)?|mlm|money\s*(?:make|making|online)?|network|news|people|real(?:tor)?|search|sem|seo|small|social\s*(?:media)?|speaker|success(?:ful)?|tips|traffic|trump\s*network|web|weight\s*(?:loss)?|fast|lose)\b}
Tweet time of day       twt_utc
Tweet local time of day twt_loc                                 3 hour chunks

Influx                  tw_i/day                                How many tweets per day does this user see?
Fo Avg Acct Age         μ<acctage|fo>
Fo Stdev Acct Age       σ<acctage|fo>
Fo peak Acct Age                     
Followers avg acctage   u.followers.sum{|f| f.crage } / u.followers.length
Tenured Followers       u.followers.count{|f| f.crage > 1 year }  # or maybe instead created before March 2009

===========================================================================

tweet rate vs tr_at     (tw_o/day) vs tr_at
#repliers vs #folowers  n_at_i / n_fo_o
Follow rate             fo_o / day
Follow churn            obs_fo_o / followers_count              Shows them following/unfollowing people
Reach                   (tw_o/day)*fo_i + (avg_reach)*rt_i                                         

Interesting             at_i    / tw_o                          When this user tweets, how often others reply?
Sway                    rt_i    / tw_o                          When this user tweets, how often is is retweeted?
Chattiness              at_o    / tw_o                          What fraction of tweets mention others?
Enthusiasm              rt_o    / tw_o                          What fraction of tweets rebroadcast anothers'?
Responsiveness          at_o    / at_i                          How many replies does this user send vs. receive
Feedness                url_o   / tw_o
Hashness                h_o     / tw_o
Twooshbagginess         tw140_o / tw_o
smilie ratio            smi_o   / tw_o
Distinct src            n_src   / tw_o
Engagement              n_at_o / n_at_i
Aloofness               n_at_o / n_at_i
Haughtiness             n_rt_o / n_rt_i
Topicality              tr_fo  / tr_at
Retweets per 1k Fo	rt_i   / fo_i	
References per 1k Fo	at_i   / fo_i	
Retweet Ratio		rt_i   / rt_o	
Reference Ratio		at_i   / at_o

Dates:
  SxSW 2008             March 8, 2008 - March 12, 2008
  SxSW 2007             Mon Mar 19 21:08:24 +0000 2007
  Tweet #34             Tue Mar 21 21:08:09 +0000 2006
  Oprah Show            April 17 2009
